[opening theme music playing]
[Do-hwa breathing shakily]
[midwife] Please, my Lady,
you must be strong!
[midwife] You must not lose
your consciousness.
[midwife] Be strong!
[Do-hwa breathing heavily]
[wincing in pain]
[somber music playing]
I HAVE GONE TO BE WITH DO-HWA.
WHEN SHE BEARS A CHILD,
KNOWING THAT IT IS MINE.
[Seong] And here I go,
having spent
seven blissful days in your body.
[Seong sighs]
Do-hwa will…
soon give birth to my son.
Your Majesty.
Remember the prophecy I received
the day of my coronation?
[Seong] You said
that I was to be granted a son
who had the energy of the King's Star.
The prophecy was incorrect.
It simply cannot be true.
It is.
Everything you said must be true.
[Seong] I will have a son
thanks to your Alchemy of Souls.
Mark my words.
The child Do-hwa bears…
will be my son.
[intense music playing]
My son.
[Do-hwa breathing shakily]
[Do-hwa groaning in pain]
[Do-hwa grunts]
[breathing shakily]
[intense stinger playing]
[epic music playing]
[Seong] The star in the center
of the Big Dipper
containing nature's secrets
only reveals itself when the sky is filled
with the energy of Daeho's waters.
[star chiming]
And my son will be born under that star.
[Jang Uk breathing heavily]
As of this moment, Jang Uk
is forbidden from Songrim.
As for the last one,
you should do it yourself.
[melancholy music playing]
[maid Kim] Mu-deok.
Is it true?
The Young Master isn't talking?
Yes. His back was flogged,
but it's his mouth that has been closed.
That boy cries when he stubs his toe.
But he's silent
after being flogged 100 times.
That worries me.
It must not be so terrible, otherwise,
he would be crying about it.
Understand what hurts him the most
is not his back. His heart is in pain.
He was cast away by the one man
he thought of like a father figure.
Imagine how that must feel.
Like he has been abandoned.
[huffs]
It's better that you've been flogged.
They won't be able to retrieve
the torrent of energy yet.
[Mu-deok] You bought us time to train.
Young Master.
Are you all right?
[Jang Uk sighs]
[water sloshing]
Hey Mu-- Mu-deok, take a look at this.
I think my energy is making these ripples.
The water is just rippling.
Why isn't it working?
I have been practicing.
Is that what you have been doing
in silence?
I thought you were moping
over being abandoned by them.
-I guess not.
-[Jang Uk] Moping?
I was abandoned
from the very moment I was born.
And it's not like
I haven't been kicked out before.
It doesn't faze me.
[intense stinger plays]
Just wait and see.
One of these days they're going
to be begging me to come back to Songrim.
[scoffs]
I guess it helps that you're full of it.
Of spirit.
By the way, why is it so hot in here?
So hot? I'm cold.
Why is the water so hot?
You're burning up right now.
Mu-deok, I'm getting strange.
I'm getting hotter.
Energy's surging.
But it's so soon for that.
Because of the flogging.
The flogging caused
the energy to surge faster.
Good thing you were flogged, Jang Uk.
[Jang Uk grunts]
Mu-deok, I'm burning up right now.
When the torrent of energy becomes heat,
you get hot like burning coal.
Next, it'll transform
to an ice-cold chill.
If you bear all that,
the energy will finally become yours.
Slowly. Keep breathing, okay?
[thrilling music playing]
Cold water.
[gasps, breathes heavily]
Mu-deok.
Is the Young Master still bathing?
It's been almost an hour since he went in.
[Mu-deok] If she finds out,
she'll tell Songrim.
They'll take the torrent of energy.
Medicine.
He's bathing in water
with herbal medicine.
I put herbal medicine in the water
and let him bathe in it
in order to treat his wounds.
Really?
Good thinking.
[relieved sigh]
Hold on.
[tense music playing]
Then why are you bringing him cold water?
What?
If he's been bathing for an hour,
the water must be cold.
So why would you bring cold water?
He has a fever?
[gasps]
Young Master.
[in quiet voice]
Damn.
[maid Kim] It's cold.
Feel how cold this water is?
Do you want him to catch a cold?
[Mu-deok] The boiling hot water
has become ice-cold.
[maid Kim] Young Master.
Where is he?
[gasps]
Goodness.
[hesitates]
Young Master, are you all right?
[Jang Uk] Yes.
Bathing in the herbal medicine
has made me drowsy.
[maid Kim] What are you doing?
Hurry up and make his bed.
[Mu-deok] It's the chill.
The chill has begun to surge.
[Jang Uk quivering]
I'm freezing. It feels like I'm in ice.
It's the chill surging this time.
It's happening way faster than I thought.
Keep breathing, okay?
[quivering]
[soft music playing]
I am so cold. I think I might faint.
Fight it. You must fight it.
[quivering]
Jang Uk!
[Mu-deok] Stay with me.
You will freeze to death
if you fall asleep now. Get up.
Just keep breathing.
Uncle, Yul and I are
the only friends that Uk has.
He has nowhere else but Songrim
to call home.
Please rescind your order
forbidding him to enter.
He won't be able to train.
Once it's known that he was banished,
no one from Songrim will take him in.
Enough talk of Uk.
I want you two to focus
on the Soul Shifter case.
[Dang-gu gasps]
He has completely hardened.
[Jin] He has been petrified.
[gasping]
[Jin] A Soul Shifter running wild
replaces their lost energy
by taking a human's.
He's like an evil spirit.
I can see why you forbid
the Alchemy of Souls.
This was not always forbidden sorcery.
You can only perform it
once you've mastered Jipsu, Ryusu,
Chisu, and Hwansu.
[Dang-gu] Hwansu is godlike power,
changing water to fire
and fire to stone as well.
-I thought no one could achieve that.
-[Heo Yeom] Hmm.
Master Seogyeong, founder of Songrim, did.
And there was someone else as well.
Who's that?
Like you would know, even if I told you!
Who dared to perform the Alchemy of Souls
on this poor pupil?
Who did this to him?
This man was meant to work at Cheonbugwan,
recording constellations.
He had been visiting the place
regularly for the past few months.
[Heo Yeom]
Ah! Like they caught Naksu's men,
the ones we failed to catch,
as if they'd been waiting.
I got it!
[claps]
I bet Cheonbugwan definitely
has something to do
with the Soul Shifter case.
Yul, Dang-gu, keep an eye on Cheonbugwan.
See if there's anything strange.
Understand?
[both] Sir.
[walls rumbling]
What's wrong?
[Sang-ho] It does that quite often
since Uk broke it.
-Jang Uk, this--
-[Sang-ho] Do not move!
It'll crumble.
Do not move,
until the door shuts completely!
Jang Uk!
-[all gasp]
-[Dang-gu] I told you not to move!
-[Dang-gu grunts]
-[Heo Yeom] Damn you! I told you!
[gasping]
Calm down. You.
Jang Uk!
[gasping]
[birds chirping]
[water whooshes]
[swords swish]
[action music playing]
-[swords clanging]
-[women grunting]
[Master Lee] Stay down for a moment.
[ominous music playing]
Sapsali.
Come on out.
You are now coming with me.
[loud rumble]
You have done very well, my friend.
[dog barks]
If you find the Soul Shifters,
I'll reward you with treats.
I hope we get along.
[growls]
Mu-deok.
If I freeze to death,
take the torrent of energy…
from within me if you can.
If I could do that,
I would already have killed you.
I'm freezing to death here…
please don't say such cold things now.
Say something heartwarming.
Have you gone mad from the energy surging?
What's with you?
Jang Uk! Wake up.
All right, fine then.
I'll say something warm.
There was a huge tree
back where I used to live.
[soft music playing]
And there was a bird's nest
right up at the top of it.
The egg inside, it was warm.
Did you eat it?
I said this would be heartwarming.
[soft music continues playing]
The mother bird used to always come by
to sit on it.
Right now, I am…
the egg in that bird's nest
at the top of the tree.
I know no one.
And I cannot know anything.
You're the only person
who can take care of me.
And right now…
I'm holding on to that one person.
How heartwarming.
Please keep going.
There was also a small cave
nearby where I used to live.
And there was a bear cub inside.
[low, indistinct chatter]
How can you expect
to learn how to cast any spells,
when you can't even unsheathe
your father's sword?
There is no mage in Daeho
that would go against your father
and dare to open
your gate of energy for you.
That is the fate that your father…
has determined for you.
[brooding music playing]
[Jang Uk grunting]
You're not ready just yet.
[breathes shakily]
To unsheathe a sword
imbued with the energy of a mage,
you must master Ryusu and be able
to channel your energy outward.
Since you cannot yet surge
the energy within,
you can't unsheathe it.
This is the sword
my so-called father left behind.
I can only join Songrim
if I'm able to unsheathe it.
I want to unsheathe it and show them all.
Am I full of it?
Of spirit.
Carry it with you, Jang Uk.
[harmonious music playing]
[laughs softly]
Your Highness, we've arrived
at the house of Jang Gang,
Gwanju of Cheobugwan.
Young Master!
[maid Kim] There is-- Forgive me,
but you have a guest.
Who is it?
It's the Crown Prince. He's come
from the Royal Palace to see you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dang-gu exclaims]
[Dang-gu] This is the perfect weather
to go fishing with Uk
at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
[sighs]
I wonder if he's recovered
from the flogging.
I'm going to see him
because I'm quite worried right now.
But why are you tagging along?
[whimsical music playing]
To check something.
There is something I said to his servant.
Hmm. Well, that… I understand.
We're his good friends.
But why are you tagging along?
I just happened to run into you.
And I happened to have
a bone to pick with him.
So that's why I'm going.
Ah, so you're going to fight with him.
What do you have in that bundle?
[chuckles nonchalantly]
Medicine for his wounds.
Oh, you're going to fight with him,
and then give him medicine.
-[Dang-gu] I see. Incredible.
-[sighs]
So, you've come for Naksu's sword,
Your Highness?
The King's entrusted it to Cheonbugwan.
The Gwanju is gone, so Assistant Gwanju,
Jin Mu should take it.
Since you have come here yourself,
I shall return it.
You may take it back.
[Jang Uk] Bring it here.
[Go Won] One more thing.
There's another sword here
which you cannot unsheathe.
The late king Seon bestowed it
on the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan, Jang Gang.
I will take that one as well.
That sword belongs
to Young Master's father, Your Highness.
It's only right that his son keeps it.
It was never given to him to begin with.
I heard it was being kept in Songrim.
And you only took it
after you were banished, did you not?
The Royal Palace will keep it
until a new Gwanju has been instated.
Bring me the sword.
[tense music playing]
I cannot do that, Your Highness.
As you already know,
no one acknowledges him as my father.
It'll not bode well for me
to lose the sword as well.
Even merely as decoration, I'll keep it.
[chuckles]
I must take it with me when I leave.
Since you refuse, I have no other choice.
Whoever wins shall take it.
[dramatic music playing]
It's not fair to challenge you
to a real fight
when you're not fully trained.
So, if you can push me over this line,
I will leave you the sword.
[thrilling music playing]
I'm sure, Your Highness,
that you have been expecting me
to grovel in humiliation.
I would have to be full of it to think
that I can compete with you right now.
However, some would call that spirit,
so I'll try my best.
[action music playing]
[heels screeching]
[gasps]
[wooden swords clacking]
[Jang Uk groans]
[grunts in pain]
[Mu-deok] Energy's surging.
Because of the flogging.
The flogging caused
the energy to surge faster.
Good thing you were flogged, Jang Uk.
[Jang Uk] All right.
Show me what you've got.
[groans]
[dramatic music playing]
[Jang Uk groans]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Mu-deok] Watch out!
This is from the chamber pots!
What's the meaning of this?
Who is she?
-I'm the Young Master's servant.
-How dare a servant intervene?
My apologies, Your Highness.
My servant was being insolent.
[Go Won] What is this?
-[sniffs]
-Argh! Get it off me!
You should return and get changed.
-What?
-You stepped over the line you drew.
[Jang Uk] You may have stepped back
to avoid the filthy water.
But it is still your loss,
Your Royal Highness.
Please go, and leave
Jang Gang's sword behind.
As you can see,
I'm injured, so I'm afraid
I will not be able to see you out.
Oh.
What's going on?
[Go Won] All right.
I will keep my promise
and let you have it.
[Go Won] However…
you know the girl must be punished.
A servant must not dirty
the clothes of a Crown Prince.
[tense music playing]
[swords clang]
[clanging echoes]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[swords swish, clang]
[sword chiming]
I-I unsheathed this sword.
Jang Uk!
I thought your gate of energy was blocked,
but you have been deceiving us all.
[Jang Uk] What's this?
[eunuch] You!
How dare you point
a sword at the Crown Prince?
-No, it's not me--
-Uk! Drop it!
-Put the sword down!
-[Jang Uk] I'm trying to!
I swear, but I can't!
[groans]
[Jang Uk groans]
[gasps]
[exclaiming]
Stop it! What are you doing?
I told you I'm not--
[yelps]
Jang Uk.
Die!
[loud clang]
Please stop this.
Oh.
-Stop this!
-I can't control my arm.
[grunts, groans]
I-I didn't mean that!
[maid Kim] Young Master, Young Master,
Young-- Ah!
-[maid Kim shouts]
-[Jang Uk grunts]
[bracelet jingling]
It's a binding bracelet,
over a hundred geun,
your arm won't be able to move.
[maid Kim gasps]
[Mu-deok] His energy
couldn't surge properly.
It overflowed into one arm
and he lost control.
Unbind him now!
Jang Uk.
Take up your sword.
[Seo Yul] Your Highness.
Please, Jang Uk is no match
for your skills.
Did you not see it?
[Go Won] He unsheathed his father's sword
and pointed it at me.
Uk could not control his energy.
It's just him making a mistake.
-As you saw, he even hit me as well--
-Stay out of it!
Your Highness, it was you
who drew your sword first.
If the sword you wielded
in anger was broken,
you should abide by the customs
and return home.
[scoffs]
So you all dare stand
against the Crown Prince.
[Go Won] Jang, Park, Jin, and Seo.
All four families.
I refuse to return defeated like this.
What will you do?
Fight together,
all four families against me?
-[whimsical music playing]
-[Dang-gu] Uh, this looks bad.
All four families
against the Royal family.
This is getting pretty serious.
Cho-yeon provoked him too much.
Me? What did I do?
Fine, just hand Uk over.
Your Highness,
they are the heirs
of the four great families of Daeho.
If His Majesty hears of this,
he will be furious.
Well, what should I do?
Just leave like this?
Why didn't you stop me earlier?
[whimsical music continues playing]
Mu-deok, you…
I've committed a crime worthy of death.
This lowly servant
dared to splash filthy chamber pot water
on His Royal Highness.
[Mu-deok] I'm sorry.
It's a crime worthy of death.
[Go Won groans]
Get away!
Go. You reek. Go!
Please, please forgive me.
As a token of my apology,
I will drink the rest of this water.
[Mu-deok] So please, forgive me.
Mu-deok!
Why on earth would you drink that, huh?
Young Master!
I should be the one drinking it.
What?
Uh, no.
Why would you drink it, Young Master?
I'm the cause of all this,
so I should drink it.
No, it's because of me
that His Royal Highness is angry.
So I ought to drink it.
But, there's quite a bit.
So, just give it to me then,
and I'll drink it.
How about we each drink half?
Why would we share this water
like it's something good?
Huh?
Here, you can have it.
[retches] I'll drink
as much as I can and leave you the rest.
I can't use my arm with these beads
so help me hold it.
-[breathes in deeply]
-Young Master!
I will drink! I will--
[retches]
-[stifled gag]
-Huh?
It's fine.
Why should you have to drink this?
Just go!
[whimsical music playing]
[Dang-gu] Just how much is there?
I should drink some, too, huh?
-[Jang Uk] Really?
-[Dang-gu] Yeah, give it to me.
[retching]
It really is--
[groans]
[Cho-yeon coughs]
[Seo Yul] Your Highness.
How could we have the audacity
to challenge you?
Must they really drink
that chamber pot water as an apology?
[groans]
Just forget it.
I can't watch this anymore.
Let's go.
[eunuch] His Royal Highness is leaving!
Bow before him!
But, why was the Crown Prince here
in the first place?
He came to get Naksu's sword.
And he suddenly picked a fight
with Young Master.
I mean, he may have just left for today,
but with that temper,
there's more trouble ahead.
-[Dang-gu] Are you all right?
-[Jang Uk] He hit me so many times.
[Jang Uk groans]
[Dang-gu] Hey,
you hurt me back there, too.
-[maid Kim] Are you all right?
-[Jang Uk] Yeah, I'm fine.
-[wincing in pain]
-Oh, it hurts right there?
[Jang Uk] It hurts. Why would you…
[maid Kim] Stop that, Young Master?
Your Highness! Your Highness!
What's this?
You said you came here for Naksu's sword,
and so I brought it to you.
Right.
I did come to retrieve that.
I brought it because someone as important
as you shouldn't have to come back for it.
Please take it.
So, what you'd like me to do
is to take it and never return?
Mm, Your Royal Highness
is so very intelligent and strong.
You're teasing me
because I lost to your master?
You lost? Your Highness is taking
what you came here for.
My Young Master is losing it to you.
It seems, instead,
that you are the winner here.
[playful music playing]
The young lady is correct.
Your Royal Highness has won.
[in sing-song tone]
Congratulations.
Let's say it's true.
Ah! You are truly so generous as well.
There is no other man
who is as noble as you.
What is your name?
Mu-deok, Your Highness.
Mu-deok.
Since you threw filth at me,
I'll call you Filthy Mu-deok.
Just like your name,
you reek of filth right now.
[laughs awkwardly]
You even gave me a nickname.
I, Filthy Mu-deok, forever am grateful
for your kindness.
Goodbye, Your Highness.
Let's go.
[Mu-deok] My pupil is still too weak
to fight you.
Until he is ready,
I cannot let him be at odds with you.
You don't hesitate to fall in love
or grovel
for your master's sake.
I am too weak to fight him myself,
so I did what I could.
And now I reek of filth.
You should avoid me too.
Here.
How could I possibly dirty
the man I'm in love with?
No, thank you.
Ugh, I really am Filthy Mu-deok.
[Mu-deok] You should wash yourself.
You probably reek too.
[soft music playing]
Master, I finally did it.
[laughs softly]
The Gwigu that was stored
at Jinyowon has been stolen recently.
No one outside of the Jin family
can open the door to Jinyowon.
They must have summoned the Gwigu
to get it out of there.
A burglary at Jinyowon?
I suppose since the devastation
of losing your eldest daughter,
your energy must not be the same
as it was before.
You impudent bastard.
You may be illegitimate,
but you're still part of the Jin family.
How dare you speak
to your sister like that?
How dare you?
I'm the Assistant Gwanju now
and I'd appreciate it
if you showed me more respect.
[Heo Yeom sighs]
My Lord, please come outside.
Jang Uk is here.
[sighs]
[Jin] I have forbidden Jang Uk
from entering.
So why are you all here,
marching in behind him now?
There is something I wish to show you.
This is the sword of my father.
[Jang Uk] When I was a child,
you said if I could unsheathe it,
you would accept me.
Do you remember?
[energy chimes]
[dramatic music playing]
I thought his gate of energy
had just opened recently.
He-- he has absorbed my torrent of energy!
[laughs]
[Ho-gyeong] Like father, like son.
He mastered Ryusu at once.
My Lord, please accept me now
into Songrim.
What is that thing around your arm?
His energy is focused in his right arm.
He can't control it yet,
so it's tied with a binding bracelet.
Remove the binding bracelet.
If we remove it now,
his arm will be out of control.
He needs to receive some more training
before he can remove it safely.
Remove it now.
[energy chiming]
Let me see how well you hold that sword.
[Jang Uk grunts]
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
Put the bracelet on.
Are you-- are you all right?
What's the point of unsheathing the sword…
when you cannot even wield it?
[Cho-yeon] He is unable
to control it for now.
But Jang Uk's power is incredible.
He even defeated the Crown Prince.
Jang Uk broke
His Royal Highness's sword in one stroke.
Even the Prince
who mastered Ryusu long ago
lost to him.
Jin Cho-yeon, stop intervening.
Yes, Mother.
Uk, did you take up arms
against the Crown Prince?
Uk was not the first to start the fight.
Did you fight against the Crown Prince?
Yes.
His Royal Highness wanted
to take the Gwanju's sword.
So the two of them made a bet, my Lord.
[maid Kim] Even the Crown Prince
forgave him.
After breaking the Prince's sword,
Uk threatened him
with a sword he can't control.
He chose to put
the Crown Prince's life in danger.
We were all there with him.
We were able to stop him.
Meaning that the four of you
simply watched
and did nothing
as His Royal Highness was ridiculed.
This is an insult to the royal family!
Lock up Jang Uk.
He's a dangerous man
with a sword he can't control at all.
[Sang-ho] Yes, my lord.
[dramatic music playing]
As soon as his gate of energy was opened,
Jang Uk immediately drew his sword
at the Crown Prince.
Cheonbugwan is not going
to take this lightly.
[melancholy music playing]
Why haven't you received
any treatment yet?
You bled a lot back there.
Your arm, is it all right?
The weight of the bracelet
makes it difficult to move it.
But I'm all right for now.
You managed to make Master Heo's
torrent of energy yours
in a short period of time.
I'm very impressed.
It felt like my body was on fire.
But then after that,
it felt like I was covered in ice.
And your flogging wounds?
Are they all right?
It seems that the flogging
helped the energy to surge much faster.
The Prince beat me quite a bit too.
-Mm.
-Then I felt a surge within myself, so…
I unsheathed the sword.
Right.
You always were a quick learner
compared to the other children.
[Jin] You even learned
to walk and run sooner than Dang-gu did.
You were even talking earlier.
Yes, I remember that as well.
So, when I was young, before I knew
what a blocked gate of energy was,
I thought I'd be
the most powerful person in the world.
[soft music playing]
Uk.
Since you are so intelligent,
and such a quick learner…
Why don't you join our trade at Songrim?
You could learn how to do business here.
Or you could learn the art of medicine
under Master Heo.
I can't.
I am going to train at Jeongjingak
and become a powerful mage.
Why?
Because you have to do the same thing
that your father did?
Do you want to become
the next Gwanju of Cheonbugwan after him?
Yes. And I will be.
I'll take his place,
and I'll prove myself
to all the scumbags who say…
that I'm not his son.
[Jin] You…
will never be…
his son.
You are…
the child of an affair
had by your mother Do-hwa.
[breathes shakily]
[Jin] You're allowed into the Jang family
out of respect for your late mother,
but we cannot allow you
to lead Cheonbugwan after your father.
So you can stop dreaming
because you'll never become anything…
like your father.
Just continue to remain the Young Master…
of the Jang family
who doesn't know anything.
If you do…
we can continue to take care of you.
[melancholy music playing]
Wait.
Who is my real father, then?
How could anyone know
who your late mother…
had an affair with?
[Jang Uk breathes shakily]
[somber music playing]
Uk must have a lot on his mind right now.
You should let him be.
Make sure he still finishes his food.
Maid Kim told me to make sure
you finished your whole meal.
Did he scold you?
I thought you were used to
being scolded by the…
[pensive music playing]
[doors rumbling]
I did not do that.
I think they have yet to fix the door
that you broke last time.
Do not move.
Just stay there.
Everything could crumble, so…
just stay there.
[sniffles]
Why did you not even attempt
to avoid his blade?
Was it so you could have a reason
to banish him again?
It was the least I could do.
After all, I was the one
who just broke his heart.
Having to break his heart
must be more painful than being stabbed.
Maid Kim.
You said before that
there were rumors
about me being Uk's father.
Well, what if I were to say that
that I was indeed his father to everyone?
I'd step down from my position, and…
I would open up
a little business of my own.
Then I could go about trading with Uk.
What about Songrim?
What would they do without you?
It would be even better
if I were to say he was my child.
Then Uk and I
could just go and live in the small town
where I grew up with Lady Do-hwa.
[chuckles]
Now that is impossible.
Hmm?
You know Uk takes after Do-hwa.
That's why…
he's so good-looking.
Who would believe…
[chuckles]
…that you were the mother of Jang Uk?
Wait a minute.
You're saying, if he were to resemble me,
he would be ugly?
Then, you can't say
you are his father, either.
Of course, I can.
Jang Gang and I
have always been neck and neck…
[playful music playing]
…when it came to our looks.
[chuckles in disbelief]
No, you lost.
You can't hold a candle to him.
Do-hwa said she loved everything
about you except for your looks.
Stop it! You're just making that up!
[groans]
You didn't flinch when you got stabbed,
but I guess
hearing you're ugly hurts more.
My wound…
it actually does hurt.
-Oh, dear. Does it really hurt?
-[wincing]
Oh, stay still.
You're going to reopen your wound.
[groans]
We share…
the exact same kind of pain…
not having our feelings reciprocated
by the ones we loved the most.
So…
let's not hurt each other.
All right, I admit that I made that up.
You are…
[stutters]
…good…
You are good-looking.
And you are also indeed…
[stutters]
…good-looking.
Let me continue tending to your wound.
It really hurts.
-[maid Kim blows]
-[groans]
A-a bit lower.
Yep. Yeah--
[groans]
Goodness.
[ominous music playing]
The Spirit Plaque from Chwiseonru
belongs to Jang Uk of the Jang family.
Jang Uk?
He was flogged recently
for losing Songrim's Spirit Plaque.
And I hear that his servant would be seen
at Chwiseonru quite frequently.
[Gil-ju] That girl we saw at Songrim
is his servant.
And she was at the inn that day.
Could she be…
Naksu?
[in strained voice]
How much further to Cheonbugwan?
It won't be long until I'm petrified.
We will hurry. Please hold on.
You must not run wild right now.
[servant] My Lord, are you all right?
[sinister stinger playing]
[servant gasping]
[in normal voice]
Let us return.
[dramatic music playing]
In that short period of time,
even if it was only one arm,
you reached Ryusu, huh?
[laughs]
[Heo Yeom] You truly are the son
of the incredible Jang Gang.
[laughing]
Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan
only picked a fight because he knew
that he would never become
the next Gwanju.
[Dang-gu] He realized that you,
the eldest son of the Jang family,
will become the next Gwanju, you know.
My uncle's wound is not that deep.
Nothing to worry about.
About Jin Mu, don't worry,
I will have a word with him, all right?
[sighs]
-Hmm. All right, all right.
-Please take good care of him.
[sighs]
You always put Uk in danger.
First the poison, and then
the incident with the Prince.
You're always involved.
So, are you saying that
you would like to separate me from him?
No, I cannot do that.
Because every time that
he got what he wanted,
you risked your life to help him.
This is Uk's father's sword.
Take it with you.
I'm not gonna tolerate this.
How much longer
are you going to be this way?
[sighs]
[Mu-deok] Get up!
You received a powerful torrent of energy
and managed to surge it.
It took you merely ten days
when it would have taken others ten years.
If you continue your training--
[shouts]
Leave me alone, okay?
[Mu-deok scoffs]
Is this because
of something Park Jin said?
[Mu-deok] What you said
about spirit was just talk.
How can you be this pathetic
to be discouraged
by just a few stupid words?
Of course I'm discouraged
that I'm not going to do this anymore.
So, just shut up, damn it!
Don't bother me.
I have no need for a pupil
who won't do anything.
Then don't be my master.
Just be my servant.
I'll sell you if you annoy me.
[somber music playing]
Young Master.
My Young Master is so troubled
that he will not even drink water.
Young Master Dang-gu, please help me.
But what can I do, though?
It's better to just wait
until my uncle resolves this.
No, but Master Heo said
that he would resolve this.
Please ask him to meet with Jin Mu
immediately and put an end to this.
[sighs]
[Heo Yeom] I came here today
because I am somewhat concerned
that you may have made
a mountain out of a molehill.
Tell me, how could a threat
to the Crown Prince,
the future king, be deemed trivial?
That is why our leader decided
to lock Jang Uk away.
Songrim will give him
the punishment he needs.
You realize it is a crime
against the royal family.
Cheonbugwan is in charge
of matters related to the royal family,
so we'll deal with him here.
But what will you do with him here?
Since he threatened the life
of the Crown Prince,
he should be beheaded.
[Heo Yeom splutters]
However, we cannot kill
the one and only son of the Gwanju.
So instead, we ought to amputate the arm
with which he tried to threaten
the Crown Prince.
[Heo Yeom] Amputate his arm?
Your pride must be hurt right now,
because your pupil, the Prince,
lost to Uk,
whose gate of energy
has been open for not even ten days!
You fool, I was going
to be nice about this,
let it slide out of consideration
for you and the Prince.
But you've gone completely insane!
Let Cheonbugwan decide whether it's me
or Jang Uk's arm that's insane.
-That's it!
-Oh, oh, oh, M-Master, please.
Both the Prince and Uk agreed
to fight each other.
We have brought Uk's servant
who witnessed everything.
Come here.
It was a fair fight.
But if you cannot believe us,
why not just let them fight once again?
[tense music playing]
Let them fight again?
That's not a bad idea.
Since you claim he wasn't threatening
the Prince
and that it was a fair fight
between mages,
why don't we have an official duel
between the Crown Prince and Jang Uk?
[stutters]
Duel between Uk and the Prince?
If you can't agree to that,
hand Uk over to Cheonbugwan.
But if you accept this, then,
even if one of them dies,
no one will be held responsible
as per the customs of Daeho.
Uh…
[Dang-gu] We came here to resolve it,
but we only made things worse.
I let that sly snake
somehow get the better of me.
Uk will die if he duels
against the Crown Prince.
-What do we do?
-Do not worry.
The Crown Prince
will not accept the challenge.
Ever since Master Seogyeong
founded Songrim,
there has never been a duel
between the royal family and the mages.
Both sides have respected
a kind of unwritten rule
to keep them from wasting their energy
on each other.
There is no way
the Crown Prince would break that rule
just to fight against Uk.
[hums in agreement]
[Jin Mu]
Accept the challenge, Your Highness.
[Go Won]
I don't see why I should be at odds
with Songrim over that fool.
We're lucky to have a favorable scenario
that they cannot blame us for.
You can prove exactly how strong you are
to everyone in Songrim,
Your Royal Highness.
[Seo Yul] They're from Cheonbugwan
and the palace.
What's going on?
Argh, seriously, though, Master Heo Yeom.
He was so certain
that nothing would happen to him.
[Dang-gu] What is this?
What will happen to Uk now?
I don't understand what's going on.
Why are they all here right now?
I was actually here
to talk to you about that.
But it looks like Jin Mu beat me to it.
[Heo Yeom breathes heavily]
Jin Mu, you say?
Did something happen again?
[splutters]
Ugh, damn it!
[eunuch] His Royal Highness,
the Crown Prince,
has challenged Jang Uk to a duel.
The Assistant Gwanju has instructed it
that Jang Uk be brought to Cheonbugwan,
if he refuses to participate in the duel.
Jang Uk is already locked up
in the prison of Songrim.
And you want to transfer him?
What is this about?
Please ask Master Heo.
I was told
they had already come to an agreement.
[sighing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Uk, get up. You need to get out of here.
[sighs]
Why?
No time to explain. If you don't leave
right now, you'll… lose your arm.
Or you might even be killed.
-What?
-Young Master.
Things have gotten serious.
If you continue just lying in here,
you could lose your life.
Will you still do nothing?
[Heo Yeom sighs]
[Jin] I will go with Jang Uk
to the royal palace
to meet with the Crown Prince.
They will bring Uk soon,
so just wait here.
Where is he?
He's not in the secret room.
He must have escaped somehow.
What?
[laughs]
When you have no better option,
fleeing may be your best bet.
[laughs]
Uh…
He was here all along,
and only his servant came and went.
[Sang-ho] I don't understand how he fled.
Where are Yul and Dang-gu right now?
[Seo Yul] Our leader will handle it.
Lie low until the dust settles.
Mu-deok, please take good care of him.
Are you sure you really don't need us
to come with you?
Yes. We are going to the place
I used to live.
I heard Sari Village, was it?
Stay there, then, and we will come
to get you as soon as we can.
You've managed
to put him in danger once again.
Then he'll get what he wants once more.
[harmonious music playing]
[tense music playing]
[Sun sighs]
[Sun] This duel will take place
the middle of next month.
[Sun] That will be the end of it.
Then, if Jang Uk
does not appear on that day…
please accept that as his defeat.
[Jin Mu] That is just fleeing, not losing.
There should be consequences
for such a cowardly defeat.
Jin Mu speaks the truth.
If Jang Uk does not appear
at the dueling ground,
he will be deprived of his right to become
the next Gwanju.
I understand, Sire.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Why bring that when we're fleeing?
Because you need this to train.
Train? I thought we were just trying
to run away?
-Were you behind all this?
-Yeah, I merely played a part.
You had to hear you might lose your life
before you'd finally move.
[huffs]
What?
I have no need for a pupil
who won't improve.
If you're not going to do anything,
you should just die.
So you've poisoned me again,
my crazy master.
Jang Uk.
We're going to the place
where I used to train.
You should brace yourself now.
Where we're going,
there will be no more warm baths for you.
There will be no cozy beds,
none of that delicious food
you love so much.
Is Sari Village really that scary?
Sari Village
was where Mu-deok used to live.
Where Naksu is from…
is Danhyanggok.
And that is where we are heading now.
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[Mu-deok] Why are all these things
around here?
Mu-deok. Wow.
I thought for a second you were using
training as an excuse
to kidnap your Young Master
and settle down with him.
[Mu-deok] I have so much to teach you,
lots and lots of things.
You just described
the most dangerous kind of woman!
[Seo Yul]
I don't enjoy sweet things, either.
If you do not wish to eat,
then just leave.
Mu-deok's making breakfast with Yul.
Oh goodness, I told you…
Yes, yes, I am angry.
How dare you teach some other guy
when you have a pupil
who is alive and well?
[mage] How about we strip Jang Uk
of his rights to be a mage?
Jang Uk has no one to teach him.
[Master Lee] There's a great soul
who shifted into this body.
Mu-deok, run!
[Jang Uk] I didn't want to do anything…
But she's the last thing stopping me.